{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs22\lang1033 Question 1\par
Given:\par
1. public class Threads3 implements Runnable \{\par
2. public void run() \{\par
3. System.out.print(\rdblquote running\rdblquote );\par
4. \}\par
5. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
6. Thread t = new Thread(new Threads3());\par
7. t.run();\par
8. t.run();\par
9. t.start();\par
10. \}\par
11. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. The code executes and prints \ldblquote running\rdblquote .\par
D. The code executes and prints \ldblquote runningrunning\rdblquote .\par
E\highlight1 . The code executes and prints \b\ldblquote runningrunningrunning\highlight0\rdblquote .\b0\par
\par
\par
Question 2\par
Which two code fragments will execute the method doStuff() in a\par
separate thread? (Choose two.)\par
A. \highlight1 new Thread() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\}\par
\highlight0 B. new Thread() \{\par
public void start() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\}\par
C. new Thread() \{\par
public void start() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\} .run();\par
D. \highlight1 new Thread() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\} .start();\par
\highlight0 E. new Thread(new Runnable() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\} ).run();\par
F. \highlight1 new Thread(new Runnable() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\}).start();\par
\par
\highlight0 Question 3\par
Given:\par
1. public class Threads4 \{\par
2. public static void main (String[] args) \{\par
3. new Threads4().go();\par
4. \}\par
5. public void go() \{\par
6. Runnable r = new Runnable() \{\par
7. public void run() \{\par
8. System.out.print(\rdblquote foo\rdblquote );\par
9. \}\par
10. \};\par
11. Thread t = new Thread(r);\par
12. t.start();\par
13. t.start();\par
14. \}\par
15. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. \highlight1 An exception is thrown at runtime.  Illegel thread state exception\par
\highlight0 C. The code executes normally and prints \lquote foo\rdblquote .\par
D. The code executes normally, but nothing is printed.\par
\par
Question 4\par
Given:\par
1. public class Threads5 \{\par
2. public static void main (String[] args) \{\par
3. new Thread(new Runnable() \{\par
4. public void run() \{\par
5. System.out.print(\rdblquote bar\rdblquote );\par
6. \}\}).start();\par
7. \}\par
8. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. \highlight1 The code executes normally and prints \ldblquote bar\rdblquote .\par
\highlight0 D. The code executes normally, but nothing prints.\par
\par
Question 5\par
Given:\par
11. Runnable r = new Runnable() \{\par
12. public void run() \{\par
13. System.out.print(\rdblquote Cat\rdblquote );\par
14. \}\par
15. \};\par
16. Threadt=new Thread(r) \{\par
17. public void run() \{\par
18. System.out.print(\rdblquote Dog\rdblquote );\par
19. \}\par
20. \};\par
21. t.start();\par
What is the result?\par
A. Cat\par
B. \highlight1 Dog\highlight0\par
C. Compilation fails.\par
D. The code runs with no output.\par
E. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\par
Question 6\par
Click the Exhibit button.\par
Given:\par
10. public class Starter extends Thread \{\par
11. private int x= 2;\par
12. public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception \{\par
13. new Starter().makeItSo();\par
14. \}\par
15. public Starter() \{\par
16. x=5;\par
17. start();\par
18. \}\par
19. public void makeItSo() throws Exception \{\par
20. join();\par
21. x=x- 1;\par
22. System.out.println(x);\par
23. \}\par
24. public void run() \{ x *= 2; \}\par
25. \}\par
What is the output if the main() method is rum?\par
A. 4\par
B. 5\par
C. 8\par

\pard\highlight1 D. 9\highlight0\par

\pard E. Compilation fails.\par
F. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
G. It is impossible to determine for certain.\par
\par
Question 7\par
Given:\par
1. public class Threads2 implements Runnable \{\par
2.\par
3. public void run() \{\par
4. System.out.println(\rdblquote run.\rdblquote );\par
5. throw new RuntimeException(\rdblquote Problem\rdblquote );\par
6. \}\par
7. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
8. Thread t = new Thread(new Threads2());\par
9. t.start();\par
10. System.out.println(\rdblquote End of method.\rdblquote );\par
11. \}\par
12. \}\par
Which two can be results? (Choose two.)\par
A. java.lang.RuntimeException: Problem\par
B. run.\par
java.lang.RuntimeException: Problem\par
C. End of method.\par
java.lang.RuntimeException: Problem\par
D. \highlight1 End of method.\par
run.\par
java.lang.RuntimeException: Problem\highlight0\par
E. run.\par
java.lang.RuntimeException: Problem\par
End of method.\par
\par
\par
Question 8\par
Given:\par
1. public class TestOne \{\par
2. public static void main (String[] args) throws Exception \{\par
3. Thread.sleep(3000);\par
4. System.out.println(\rdblquote sleep\rdblquote );\par
5. \}\par
6. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C\highlight1 . The code executes normally and prints \ldblquote sleep\rdblquote .\par
\highlight0 D. The code executes normally, but nothing is printed.\par
\par
Question 9\par
Given:\par
1. public class TestOne implements Runnable \{\par
2. public static void main (String[] args) throws Exception \{\par
3. Thread t = new Thread(new TestOne());\par
4. t.start();\par
5. System.out.print(\rdblquote Started\rdblquote );\par
6. t.join();\par
7. System.out.print(\rdblquote Complete\rdblquote );\par
8. \}\par
9. public void run() \{\par
10. for (int i= 0; i< 4; i++) \{\par
11. System.out.print(i);\par
12. \}\par
13. \}\par
14. \}\par
What can be a result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. The code executes and prints \ldblquote StartedComplete\rdblquote .\par
D. The code executes and prints \ldblquote StartedComplete0123\rdblquote .\par
E. \highlight1 The code executes and prints \ldblquote Started0l23Complete\rdblquote .\highlight0\par
\par
Question 10\par
\par
Given:\par
1. public class TwoThreads \{\par
2\par
3. private static Object resource = new Object();\par
4.\par
5. private static void delay(long n) \{\par
6. try \{ Thread.sleep(n); \}\par
7. catch (Exception e) \{ System.out.print(\rdblquote Error \ldblquote ); \}\par
8. \}\par
9\par
10. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
11. System.out.print(\rdblquote StartMain \ldblquote );\par
12. new Thread1().start();\par
13. delay(1000);\par
14. Thread t2 = new Thread2();\par
15. t2.start();\par
16. delay(1000);\par
17. t2.interrupt\par
18. delay(1000);\par
19. System.out.print(\rdblquote EndMain \ldblquote );\par
20. \}\par
21.\par
22. static class Thread 1 extends Thread \{\par
23. public void run() \{\par
24. synchronized (resource) \{\par
25. System.out.print(\rdblquote Startl \ldblquote );\par
26. delay(6000);\par
27. System.out.print(\rdblquote End1 \ldblquote );\par
28. \}\par
29. \}\par
30. \}\par
31.\par
32. static class Thread2 extends Thread \{\par
33. public void run() \{\par
34. synchronized (resource) \{\par
35. System.out.print(\rdblquote Start2 \ldblquote );\par
36. delay(2000);\par
37. System.out.print(\rdblquote End2 \ldblquote );\par
38. \}\par
39. \}\par
40. \}\par
41. \}\par
Assume that sleep(m) executes in exactly m milliseconds, and all other\par
code executes in an insignificant amount of time. What is the output if\par
the main() method is run?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. Deadlock occurs.\par
C. StartMain Start1 Error EndMain End1\par
D. StartMain Start1 EndMain End1 Start2 End2\par
E. StartMain Start1 Error Start2 EndMain End2 End1\par
F. StartMain Start1 Start2 Error End2 EndMain End1\par
G. StartMain Start1 EndMain End1 Start2 Error End2\par
\par
Question 11\par
Given:\par
public class NamedCounter \{\par
private final String name;\par
private int count;\par
public NamedCounter(String name) \{ this.name = name; \}\par
public String getName() \{ return name; \}\par
public void increment() \{ coount++; \}\par
public int getCount() \{ return count; \}\par
public void reset() \{ count = 0; \}\par
\}\par
Which three changes should be made to adapt this class to be used\par
safely by multiple threads? (Choose three.)\par
A\highlight1 . declare reset() using the synchronized keyword\par
B\highlight0 . declare getName() using the synchronized keyword\par
C. declare getCount() using the synchronized keyword\par
D. declare the constructor using the synchronized keyword\par
E. \highlight1 declare increment() using the synchronized keyword\highlight0\par
\par
Question 12\par
Click the Exhibit button:\par
1. public class Threads 1 \{\par
2. intx=0;\par
3. public class Runner implements Runnable \{\par
4. public void run() \{\par
5. int current = 0;\par
6. for(int=i=0;i<4;i++)\{\par
7. current = x;\par
8. System.out.print(current + \ldblquote , \ldblquote );\par
9. x = current + 2;\par
10. \}\par
11. \}\par
12. \}\par
13.\par
14. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
15. new Threads1().go();\par
16. \}\par
17.\par
18. public void go() \{\par
19. Runnable r1 = new Runner();\par
20. new Thread(r1).start();\par
21. new Thread(r1 ).start();\par
22. \}\par
23. \}\par
Which two are possible results? (Choose two.)\par
A. 0, 2, 4, 4, 6, 8, 10, 6,\par
B. 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 2, 4,\par
C. 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14,\par
D. 0, 0, 2, 2, 4, 4, 6, 6, 8, 8, 10, 10, 12, 12, 14, 14,\par
E. 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14,\par
\par
Question 13\par
Click the Exhibit button.\par
1. import java.util.*;\par
2.\par
3. public class NameList \{\par
4. private List names = new ArrayList();\par
5. public synchronized void add(String name) \{ names.add(name); \}\par
6. public synchronized void printAll() \{\par
7. for (int i = 0; i <names.size(); i++) \{\par
8. System.out.print(names.get(i) +\ldblquote  \ldblquote );\par
9. \}\par
10. \}\par
11. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
12. final NameList sl = new NameList();\par
13.for(int i=0;i<2;i++) \{\par
14. new Thread() \{\par
15. public void ruin() \{\par
16. sl.add(\rdblquote A\rdblquote );\par
17. sl.add(\rdblquote B\rdblquote );\par
18. sl.add(\rdblquote C\rdblquote );\par
19. sl.printAll();\par
20. \}\par
21. \}.start();\par
22. \}\par
23. \}\par
24. \}\par
Which two statements are true if this class is compiled and run?\par
(Choose two.)\par
A. An exception may be thrown at runtime.\par
B. The code may run with no output, without exiting.\par
C. The code may run with no output, exiting normally.\par
D. The code may rum with output \ldblquote A B A B C C \ldblquote , then exit.\par
E. \highlight1 The code may rum with output \ldblquote A B C A B C A B C \ldblquote , then exit.\par
\highlight0 F. The code may ruin with output \ldblquote A A A B C A B C C \ldblquote , then exit.\par
G. The code may ruin with output \ldblquote A B C A A B C A B C \ldblquote , then exit.\par
\par
Question 14\par
Given:\par
1. public class TestFive \{\par
2. private int x;\par
3. public void foo() \{\par
4 int current = x;\par
5. x = current + 1;\par
6. \}\par
7. public void go() \{\par
8. for(int i=0;i<5;i++) \{\par
9. new Thread() \{\par
10. public void run() \{\par
11. foo();\par
12. System.out.print(x + \ldblquote , \ldblquote );\par
13. \} \}.start();\par
14. \}\}\}\par
Which two changes, taken together, would guarantee the output: 1, 2,\par
3, 4, 5, ? (Choose two.)\par
A. Move the line 12 print statement into the foo() method.\par
B. Change line 7 to public synchronized void go() \{.\par
C. Change the variable declaration on line 3 to private volatile int x;.\par
D. Wrap the code inside the foo() method with a synchronized( this )\par
block.\par
E. Wrap the for loop code inside the go() method with a synchronized\par
block synchronized(this) \{ // for loop code here \}.\par
\par
Question 15\par
Which three will compile and run without exception? (Choose three.)\par
A. private synchronized Object o;\par
B. void go() \{\par
synchronized() \{ /* code here */ \}\par
\}\par
C. public synchronized void go() \{ /* code here */ \}\par
D. private synchronized(this) void go() \{ /* code here */ \}\par
E. void go() \{\par
synchronized(Object.class) \{ /* code here */ \}\par
\}\par
F. void go() \{\par
Object o = new Object();\par
synchronized(o) \{ /* code here */ \}\par
\}\par
\par
}
 